These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2015/09/16)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2015/09/14)

15th  
Sep 2015

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4517581?v=3&s=30)

____

munki-boy

@munki-boy

[Sep 15 2015
01:02](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=55f76e19f66d320b4fbd889f)

@brendo sorry comment too far back to see. I think it's useful because there's
times when the install panel is exposed for some minutes, maybe on a domain
that's already been in use. I don't know if it's just my browser cache but it
also displays the admin URL I chose on local install before uploading
prefilled in the box.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/27163?v=3&s=30)

____

Brian Zerangue

@bzerangue

[Sep 15 2015
21:00](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=55f886ef9f33576379264db0)

Hey everyone. Since this seems to be the place where people actively discusses
Symphony CMS. I would encourage y'all to take a look at Mark Lewis's forum
post concerning the old Symphony Ninjas site.
<http://www.getsymphony.com/discuss/thread/111024/>

I was about to reply, but since less and less seem to actually use the
Symphony CMS Forum, I think a bigger issue needs to be addressed, what is the
future of many of these multiple Symphony CMS community sites?

The Symphony Extensions site was pretty much abandoned, since it's creator is
no longer involved with the Symphony community. It's not even current with the
compatiblity table.

The Symphony Ninjas site hasn't been updated since 2012. Most of the
interviews are with people who no longer use Symphony CMS (or are no longer
involved with Symphony). I don't who uses this site anymore or how it is
relevant.

The Symphony Factory Revamp that never happened.

The main Symphony site (symphonycms.com) is really no longer kept up. There
are sections on this site that were applicable during the Soario days, that
are no longer applicable.

  * <http://www.getsymphony.com/get-support/>
  * <http://www.getsymphony.com/explore/vibrant-support-system/>
  * Home page: 24/7 support
  * Blog (I have been posting the announcements of the releases to make sure something was populated there.)

The Symphony CMS Forum community has seemed to shrink with the majority of web
world labeling XML as being dead or no longer relevant (even though we all
know that XML still has a role to play) and many of our former power users
moving on to other things. If you look at the Activity Stream,
<http://www.getsymphony.com/get-involved/activity-stream/>, it more sparse
than it has ever been. There gaps of days or so between forum posts.

Since most of you of are the ones keeping Symphony alive, my guess is that
y'all don't have time to maintain all these separate sites, including the main
one.

I think it would be wise to move to cancel the Symphony subsites that are no
longer maintained.

I say move all the documentation to Github. Run the Symphony site off of
Github Pages. Move the forum to something like Discourse, or encourage people
to use Gitter instead.

Thoughts?

I didn't want to reply on the forum, because, I didn't know who would see it.
Plus, since y'all are the ones keeping Symphony alive, moving it forward, and
making it more stable than it has ever been. I thought I would post this here.

____

Please know that my comments above are not a knock on anyone, it 's just the
reality that many of the Symphony Commuity sites are not "actively"
maintained. Plus, I am guessing, it's costing someone to host all of these
sites. Is it necessary for someone to have to foot the bill on sites that are
no longer really being used. IE... see the forum and then compare the activity
to this Gitter Chat. Much more active and constructive here.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/27163?v=3&s=30)

____

Brian Zerangue

@bzerangue

[Sep 15 2015
21:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=55f88c25f66d320b4fbdb4d2)

And a HUGE Thank you to all of you keeping Symphony alive and moving it
forward! As a long time user, Symphony CMS has never been more stable and easy
to upgrade. Thank you to all of you!

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Sep 15 2015
23:02](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=55f8a39578514db1064f3c09)

I agree with you in that we should look to downside our footprint of external
sites

____

We have been trying to get a hold of Nick to swap the DNS for Symphony
Extensions for some time now, just as an FYI

____

The problem with the restructuring the website to be powered from Github Docs
is that it requires resources and time to do so, something which we
unfortunately lack

____

There has been some work to get that going,
<https://github.com/symphonycms/docs.getsymphony.com> using the Factory theme
but itâ€™s never been fully realised

_

