These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2015/10/29)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2015/10/27)

28th  
Oct 2015

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Oct 28 2015
20:32](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=563130d1fee0347118af0aa4)

hey guys, it's nice to find a place where I can talk with symphonists all
together. let me give you some feedback about the doc site I've been working
on few months ago with help of other devs. we started working in the doc site
using the factory template and jekyll. honestly, we feel better the tool after
some time using it and using jekyll to make the symphony doc site doesnt
worked well for me. i ended sending PR to jekyll and bothered with ruby
things. not much a programmer here, I can handle js and toher FE stuff, but
not php or ruby. what I mean is that at some point i was spending energy in
another platform and tech that was not symphony related. so I give up
continuing the jekyll site. sorry to delay so much in this feedback. i hope
you understand.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Oct 28 2015
20:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=563132a96afab45a2ce6342d)

what I've learned with the experience is that we need to write new stuff or
recicle the old writtings. I wrote a plain tutorial showing a bit of my
workflow, that is one way to use symphony as a development tool. i believe
there is several possible workflows and a lot of what I know I read from your
articles in personal blogs and the official site articles of course, but also
a lot by experience. And I also did a prototype of symphony + react letting
the page rendering to be done in client-side. this to offer alternatives to
documentation. Probably the most effective way to show how to work with
symphony is making 5~10 minutes videos in series, each video with focused in a
subset of topics.

____

well thats it. unfortunately I 'm currently only using symphony for playing
with ideas in ptototypes, not using it on daily basis (working with drupal,
thats is over complicated and the phptemplate is so awful, not my choice).

____

thanks everyone. :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Oct 28 2015
20:43](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=563133636afab45a2ce63470)

@bernardodiasc agree on the videos planned to do some but scrambling to get
time on it. Sorry it didn't quite work out

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Oct 28 2015
20:50](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5631351db1bb53dd7572501b)

this was the latest video i recorded, <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf5b-
Yfqj6E>, 1h duration, no audio, tooooo boring. the funny thing is that in this
1h video I manage to accomplish what 3 devs do in one week with drupal. so 1h
is too much for a video but is also nothing for what i accomplish in the
video. still, very hard sell in this format.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4517581?v=3&s=30)

____

munki-boy

@munki-boy

[Oct 28 2015
22:51](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56315170e16589782d9322cd)

@bernardodiasc well done, better to watch for 1 hour compared to searching the
forum/docs/blogs when you aren't sure what to search for. :clap:

_

