These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/05/17)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/05/15)

16th  
May 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
05:36](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57395c70ae26c1967f9ec574)

@michael-e a while back I had mentioned/asked about adding additional senders
to ENM; I’ve added michael-e/email_newsletter_manager@4f459fa. not sure if we
should do a pull request and/or find an alternative way of adding third party
email senders; maybe a function which we could run?

Also note I set a bulk method to true in addition to the standard email stuff;
as their T&C require that bulk mail is sent using a bulk function up to 50 at
one go. (that is handled by the gateway by sending bulk items before closing
the connection).

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 16 2016
09:31](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57399381e2996a5a42c8b601)

The above link is wrong, but I found the commit in your repo. So just for my
understanding: You have a second extension which provides a mailjet gateway,
right? But you are talking about _senders_ , while your commit is about
_gateways_. Can you explain?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
09:33](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=573993e0e2996a5a42c8b619)

ah sorry for that. Yes I have a separate extension which provides a gateway. I
am talking about ‘senders’ as the ENM requires a user to add an ‘email sender’
which currently supports only the ‘pre-configured’ gateways. Without the right
options you cannot create a ‘sender’ to use another gateway.

____

not sure if that’s clear…

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 16 2016
09:35](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5739945b64dbdadc7dec68a4)

I am a bit in a hurry now, but I will be back soon!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
09:35](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=573994720cb634927f7f3712)

no rush just want to start a discussion rather than just send an unexplained
PR

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 16 2016
10:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57399edd0cb634927f7f39b1)

One general remark: Your branch is based on a very old version of the ENM, and
probably no commit would merge cleany (because I have radically fixed the code
formatting since then.) Please rebase your work (and also fix the code
formatting) before sending pull requests. That said, you do have some
interesting stuff in this branch!

Yes, ideally gateways should be available "automagically" to the ENM, but I
have no quick idea how to achieve this. It would probably require some magic
in the gateways themselves, e.g. a dedicated function that can be called.

Talking about a quick solution: I have nothing against adding another gateway
to the ENM if:

  1. The gateway is available as an open source extension.
  2. The configuration is not hardcoded in the gateway.

Regarding the latter, I wonder how your Mailjet configuration works, because
in the ENM you only implement "from" and "bulk" parameters. Where are the
connection parameters and the auth credentials? (For other gateways, the ENM
reads/sets all the needed parameters.)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
10:23](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57399f8e64dbdadc7dec6b5f)

@michael-e you’re probably right that it might be behind; as I had this
particular project set up for a while.. and just worked off what I had
originally set up.

Configuration in that extension is currently using the ‘default’ configuration
which you set up within the ‘config’/‘gateway’ I would like to think that you
should need to update/set a different API Key for each newsletter but I know
that might be a requirement.

____

and yes the gateway is available in an opensource extension :) I guess I can
clean up propose a PR; (possibly distinct ones per feature/modification) then
we can discuss the merits of the ‘auto magical’ stuff there.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 16 2016
10:28](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5739a0bfeea93e5742d23e4b)

> Configuration in that extension is currently using the ‘default’
configuration

____

Typically gateways don 't do this, I think. That's why the ENM sets all the
values for the other gateways.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
10:30](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5739a1620cb634927f7f3a3f)

hmm could be.. I was thinking it was more of a configuration thing with
overrides. I’ll have another look

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 16 2016
10:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5739a69fe2996a5a42c8ba96)

Yes, please do. When you have cleaned up, please send PRs!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 16 2016
10:54](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5739a6ca0cb634927f7f3b79)

will do!

_

