These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/07/07)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/07/05)

6th  
Jul 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 06 2016
06:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ca3350c16867678cca13c)

_This message was deleted_

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 06 2016
06:35](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ca69cc6b33f904a925b03)

> Code is king. Code is the best documentation you can get. Code gets results.

But code still needs a shared direction :)

I see interesting stuff happening on Github and it feels like you and Brendan
really want to push things forward, to modernise the code base. **This is
cool!** But I’m still trying to figure out the bigger picture. You see, it has
been noted a few times, that we all seem to head in the same direction –
nevertheless all the concepts that have been posted here focus on very
different things: core modularisation (code structure), separation of concerns
(project structure), flexibility and universality (multiple workspaces).

And already by now, these concepts (even the Gists) are buried in this endless
stream of post on Gitter.  
So what’s a better place to keep and develop these ideas? The Symphony blog?
Medium?

____

> Communication is an absolute necessity to make an open source project a
success. That's my biggest problem, since I suck at it. I try to make the best
of what I can do. I am really open to let anybody do things on the
communication side of things ;)

If this is a working open source project, it shouldn’t be up to you to handle
everything. Public communication can and maybe should be handled by someone
else: still there needs to be place where you jot down your ideas and plans.
Where could this be? In this chat?

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 06 2016
06:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ca93ec6b33f904a927eec)

I just created a publication on Medium as a shot to bundle ideas and concepts:
<https://medium.com/symphony-cms>

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jul 06 2016
06:48](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ca9af4e50bf894a25d46b)

@nilshoerrmann fully agree, that we need someone else to take the lead on the
communication side of the community. For the time being I’ll probably focus on
an overall strategy of updating the website / portal. but after that I could
probably start keeping an eye and making sure that we are communicating and
explaining what’s going on

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 06 2016
07:13](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577caf8e51724d8078c33c28)

I added a post featuring Brendan’s Gist and another one with my comments to
the Medium publication. If you’d like to add your thoughts, please drop me a
line and I add you as an editor.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jul 06 2016
14:18](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577d133760b585bb7839def7)

@nilshoerrmann :+1: for the medium posts ;)

____

The thing is, I do not know if the  "big picture" is even clear for me and
Brendan. As I said, lots of experimenting needs to be done in order to be able
to draw this big picture. Nevertheless, the two posts seems to be inline with
what we hope to create

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 06 2016
14:23](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577d146150bacd30255c8dbb)

> The thing is, I do not know if the "big picture" is even clear for me and
Brendan.

Actually that was my feeling. And I’d like to help you to get hold of that
bigger picture, because I think the ideas you have been posting here are
heading in the right direction.

____

Things I’d find interesting to know:

  * How many people are currently working on the core?
  * What are the main goals of these separate actors?

From what Brendan posted a few days back, he seems to focus on modularity and
testability.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jul 06 2016
16:10](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577d2d7259cfbd4c5e2b9ab0)

yes those are his two goals

____

I am the only one working directly on the core (2.7.x) and Brendan is
experimenting in order to be able to know what 's good and what's not

_

