These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/02/01)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/01/30)

31st  
Jan 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jan 31 2016
01:18](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56ad60edc54bc2bf180d0a5f)

@nitriques: It was not a race condition, but a really interesting effect with
the EntryManager and the SBL field. In a CLI script, I loop over entries using
`EntryManager::fetchByPage`. Inside the loop I have a delegate similar to
`EntryPostEdit`. Now my callback function called `prepareTextValue` on an SBL
field, which in turn will call the SBL field's `findRelatedValues` method.
Inside of this funtion the sorting of the EntryManager is changed using
`EntryManager::setFetchSorting`. You probably guess what happens: The first
page of entries will be sorted by system-id (default), but beginning with the
second page the sorting will have been changed (depending on the SBL field's
sorting).

____

_This message was deleted_

____

I am not sure if this can/should be addressed in the core resp. the SBL field.
Will think about it tomorrow. For now, I am happy that I found it — entries
seemed to be  "lost", caused by the sorting change between the first and the
second page of entries. That was a very strange phenomenon, and it took some
time to find the culprit.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jan 31 2016
01:32](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56ad6419586242210ae08b82)

Here is what I do now to prevent it, it might be interesting for you as well:

____

    
    
    EntryManager::setFetchSorting( 'system:id', 'ASC');
    while ($entries = EntryManager::fetchByPage($page, $section_id, $limit, $where, null, false, true, true)) {
        foreach ($entries['records'] as $key => $entry) {
    
            // do stuff
    
            Symphony::ExtensionManager()->notifyMembers('EntryPostEdit', '/publish/edit/', array(
                'section' => $section,
                'entry' => $entry,
                'fields' => $fields
            ));
        }
    
        // Reset EntryManager's fetch sorting, it may have been changed by callbacks
        EntryManager::setFetchSorting('system:id', 'ASC');
    }

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1738636?v=3&s=30)

____

Kristjan Siimson

@siimsoni

[Jan 31 2016
09:47](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56add82edc33b33c7548e8d7)

I did some some preliminary benchmarks with PHP 7. The benchmarks were done
manually on default Symphony welcome page and repeated 12 times, enough to
draw out some patterns. The numbers are rounded a bit.

    
    
                              PHP 7     PHP 5.6   Improvement    
    Engine Initialisation     0.0076s   0.0085s   10.82%
    Page creation started     0.0157s   0.0184s   14.73%
    XML Built                 0.0250s   0.0313s   20.05%
    Page Built                0.0302s   0.0399s   24.36%
    XML Generation            0.0004s   0.0008s   54.08%
    XSLT Transformation       0.0073s   0.0061s  -18.34%
    Page creation complete    0.0535s   0.0653s   18.05%

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jan 31 2016
10:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56ade4818fbaf4220afa5e65)

@siimsoni XSLT seems to be somewhat slower but otherwise there’s an
improvement. Did you have the same MySQL engine running in the backgorund as
that could be another variable.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1738636?v=3&s=30)

____

Kristjan Siimson

@siimsoni

[Jan 31 2016
11:36](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56adf1aeeaf741c118d5ee98)

@jonmifsud I took care to make sure the only variable would be the PHP
version.

The results for XSLT were surprising, but perhaps it is something that will
improve over time. XSLT took about 25% longer to load fairly consistently, but
the fastest time was also in PHP 7. It is the only area where the variance had
a strong increase (by 20 times), while the request times were either much more
stable or at least the same in all other areas.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jan 31 2016
13:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56ae0a0080ad69394a7b7fbe)

@siimsoni interesting maybe it could be the simplicity of the XSLT, I wonder
if the XSLT was more complex (as it usually is) if PHP7 would still fare
worse.

_

