These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/03/13)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/03/11)

12th  
Mar 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 12 2016
04:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e39f10c7364f7926be4c0b)

@bernardodiasc, @nitriques can tell you more - but I don’t think we just want
to support 2.x but rather push on to 3.x it’s about finding the balance in
relation to core contributions and expansions and client work. At times we
find opportunities where the two can be done in tandem.

____

XSLT should be a great selling tool rather than a ‘problem’ I think it’s the
way we package XSLT and people not understanding it’s powers. Obviously giving
a very good set of examples could possible give up the advantage we have but
at the same time might give a lot of added value to the community. A quick
example is the following: I’ve been recently asked for a section of a website
to have a completely different look and feel (mainly header/footer + styling
alterations for the body. XSLT makes it super easy for me to swap out the
header without adding a bunch of if statements within the template code (
which I believe you have to do for most other templating engines)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3b58c0055f8f35a8282e6)

actually, we don't need to discuss about XSLT again, we did this so many
times. I'm very aware of it's powers, but also the weakness. the most valuable
thing I've learned with XSLT and Symphony is how an application, no matter the
size, should be in terms of architecture, that is: data-driven rather than
technology-driven. :)

____

I did a lot prototypes of translating XML to Json to PHP object to whatever,
the data is the same but in different syntax. XSLT is different from template
engines, I know, but in practical terms, can be related, so I did more
prototyping with twig, handlebars, mustach, react, etc etc etc.

____

data structure  > template engine > markup language. that's it.

____

one thing symphony kick ass is how it handles the data from database, and the
so intuitive way that structure the data (data sources and the naming
handlers).

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3b6d50055f8f35a82830e)

I can not say about backend or php, but the extensibility of symphony always
seemed to me another strong point of the system.

____

if we think in restAPI, the structured data free the  "website" from any
assumption made by the system, and this is more important than ever nowadays.
In FOX we support huge amount of devices, a lot kind of applications made by a
lot people with very different skillset, I'm trying to push symphony as CMS,
and CMS only (in the literal meaning: content management system). [edited]

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:33](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3b84f3194fbd110966408)

if you guys think this fits future plans, then sounds promising for me, in my
current scenario, given the real circumstances, to keep pushing symphony. but
if not, I think I'll not get any good result. honestly.

____

I 've hacked symphony once, and included twig in the output, works the same as
it is xslt. that the point I'm trying to prove: data structure > template
engine > markup language. data-driven rather than technology-driven.

____

note: if I had to choose, I choose xslt. just to clarify. but that not how the
world spins. :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 12 2016
06:38](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3b957618c335373eb29cc)

I know of applications which use Symphony purely as a CMS. then API’s to get
that data into other applications and workflows. It depends what you’re trying
to achieve. If you’ve got your templates in Twig and/or other templating
languages that’s one way of leveraging the power of Symphony.

____

In fact I have a few things in the pipeline where by I’ll be using symphony to
power an API should they come through

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:38](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3b96e0055f8f35a82835b)

the most powerfull selling point of symphony is actualy the super simple
interface for content producers. that's huge, so so so good stuff. the backend
interface is well made and much better than others cms.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:45](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3bb006fde057c268614e0)

thanks for the feedback @jonmifsud. I'll try to make a prototype with symphony
to work like a CMS+restAPI only (without frontend, so no xslt nor any other
template engine attached, maybe react.js in the other end, separated).

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:50](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3bc3c0055f8f35a8283a2)

note 2: I'm dealing with people who work with Drupal for many years, also,
Acquia developers. You know, the company that drives Drupal... it's a hard
sell, but Drupal is so bad, in general. I know few features of Drupal that
kickass, but in general, is bad.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 12 2016
06:51](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3bc8989dd3cce1005cd48)

@bernardodiasc changing an organisation’s mentality is not easy. Especially
with larger teams so good luck in your endeavours.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
06:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3bd0711a3dbf55acb50bd)

the Technology director got interested in what I have to say, this is good
signal. he is not bound to drupal, actualy he is looking for better ways to
accomplish better results.

____

and content producers always complain about how hard is to use drupal.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/131859?v=3&s=30)

____

Bernardo Dias

@bernardodiasc

[Mar 12 2016
07:01](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e3bece9f24605773d77e02)

this endeavour can be relevant for this community, because FOX is big thing,
we all can benefit of have that brand supporting the tool. just saying, FOX is
world size company, it is something. we need to be clear here if this is
relevant or not for future plans of this CMS. thanks for the attention, I
really appreciate. this is marketing/entrepreneurship talk, I think this may
not be the appropriate space, but what would be the appropriate space? :)

____

I can not even think in sell this tool if the community dont understand the
value of this. because it 's the community that makes the value of the tool.

____

sooooorry again for the flood.

____

_This message was deleted_

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 12 2016
19:00](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e4676089dd3cce1005e4ca)

My timzone sucks, I am always late to the party :sparkles:

____

@bernardodiasc @jonmifsud  
I'll try to answer as many things as possible. @jonmifsud already said most of
the thing but I'll say them again.

____

I always looked at Symphony like an API: A weird one, but a also amazing. I
've integrate with many many 3rd party service and would not have been able to
do so with Drupal (or WorstP)

____

I know XSLT is not popular, and I do not want to fight that anymore. That
being said, I still want to use it, so ripping of the templating engine is in
my plans.

____

But, in order to do so, we must insure that our current codebase gets maintain
and not lost

____

2.x will soon become a LTS version, as soon as 2.7.0 is out.

____

Work on 3.x as begun since a long time ago but we never got the momentum to
fix 2.x soon engough.

____

4.x would be a major break off but would me modular

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 12 2016
19:05](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=56e468946fde057c26862d56)

I am not sure on the upgrade path. This needs some work. But I do not see the
data in the database changed that much (only the PHP code). Hopefully, this
will fit your needs @bernardodiasc

____

:P

_

