These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/07/01)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/06/29)

30th  
Jun 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
00:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57746a64bb1de91c54ae8a40)

I suppose where a lot of my examples fall down is that they are aimed very
squarely at developers who know how to use those build tools

____

Then again, things like OctoberCMS have  'single' download installers which
users run and it does all the magic in the background

____

For the everyday Symphony developer, it would be ideal if we can abstract the
modules into something that 's simple for them, just download 'x' and you'll
have Symphony.

____

If you 're an extension or core maintainer, that's where things might change a
little

____

well, things will change

____

I too am using NodeJS a lot these days, and the hundreds of MB dependencies
that exist for a simple project is very frightening. I don 't want to get to
that place

____

But I do want to untangle the core at the moment so we can build something
with more confidence

____

In theory, you could have a dist step that runs composer for you, gets all the
dependencies, generates a zip file and users just unzip that

____

I 'll try to outline a gist of how I'd break things up later today

____

It 's so strange, I feel we've been at this point many times before :D

____

The more I spend away from Symphony, the more I think. Damn the concepts are
timeless, but the implementation makes it hard to scale

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jun 30 2016
06:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774b8e7a0c12d110fccd1ac)

So... we might be overthinking it. There is no reason why there also can't be
a little zip file with minimal symphony on the homepage like it is today.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jun 30 2016
06:16](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774b949632b75030fb556f6)

@reygoch I think that’s one of the possibilities @brendo implied, he just
described it from what would happen on the `server` at point of release.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jun 30 2016
06:17](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774b98a971717155493890c)

I mean, somebody just have to create minimal symphony setup and zipp it up.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
07:16](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774c7408441a8124d946da4)

I think it is more about scalabilty and maintainability.

We all have our own sections, datasources and xslt templates (call it a
theme). And of course you can copy and move your base install to multiple
websites. You can even do that through the export ensemble option in the
preferences.

But what if you find a bug in a template or make an awesome feature you like
to share with all your websites or just want to update all your websites to
the latest version. There is always a lot of manual work to do because some
parts are tightly connected (like the sections I early mentioned).

I think untangle the core can help with scalability and maintainability but
can give a layer of extra complexity in the beginning till you get used to it.
NodeJS for example puts a lot of dependencies to your project but gives you
also in front-end the possibility to split your css into many parts (atomic
approach) without worrying about concatenation, prefixes and minification.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jun 30 2016
07:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774cdd4632b75030fb660aa)

@brendo I didn’t want to make you stop thinking :) I agree with that the
Symphony concepts are timeless but that the implementation is inflexible. I
just wanted to point out a different perspective.

____

Just an example: We are doing map related stuff using Mapbox services. They
have a library for geospacial visualization and analysis called Turf: it’s
split into dozens of small modules, all containing only a few lines of code
but lots of, lots of dependencies and test. This works quite well for the
library developers, but users don’t know anymore where to post issues. If you
follow the project on Github you notice a lot of issues that are closed
because they were posted in the wrong repository.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jun 30 2016
07:50](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774cf33632b75030fb674b0)

So, if you modulise Symphony, you have to create a good system of way finding
at the same time. This is all about communication.

____

Just don’t forget the entry point for users, especially for users that just
want to use the system without developing it any further.

____

So a gist of how you’d like to break things up would be very helpful – and
will maybe answer most questions or issues raised.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jun 30 2016
08:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774d6e38441a8124d955323)

Partly related: <https://medium.com/@wob/the-sad-state-of-web-development-
1603a861d29f#.7muzc0d5i> ;)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
10:19](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5774f21d971717155496a2a1)

But also partly because guys as us are a kind of centipedes that have to do
with all parts of building a website. For some clients (agencies) I do only
the front-end and that is sometimes a breeze in comparison to the whole
package I do for direct clients.

But for both I take as less dependencies as possible and only the tools I
really use. It is all about choices.

I can imaging that modulising the system can give the possibility to include
only the parts you need like the extension environment. So the average user
can choose the basic version and the more advantage user goes far beyond that.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8030910?v=3&s=30)

____

John Puddephatt

@johnpuddephatt

[Jun 30 2016
11:39](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577505068441a8124d97c37a)

> a gist of how you’d like to break things up would be very helpful

Agreed – seems like this would allow the discussion to move from the abstract
to the specific. I think it's important that this breakdown sets out the
aims/goals of the changes, so everyone's on the same page.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
13:10](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57751a478c9263ba303ce54c)

All waiting for the big picture of @brendo :D

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
13:12](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57751aa21ac8bd1a4da2ebb7)

Heh, I have work to do then :D

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
13:21](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57751cf2971717155498e768)

:tada: ?

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
13:56](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577524f9bb1de91c54b7cc72)

<https://gist.github.com/brendo/8c976a54be147e13d4cadd7b0db6091b>

____

Brain dump for tonight

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
14:03](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577526b5bb1de91c54b7e7bf)

@brendo I'll have a intern that will 100% focus on Symphony: we will release
2.7.x and move to 3.x :)

____

> Damn the concepts are timeless, but the implementation makes it hard to
scale

So true!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/192853?v=3&s=30)

____

David Oliver

@DavidOliver

[Jun 30 2016
14:31](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57752d371ac8bd1a4da42464)

> Something that is regularly raised is why isn't Symphony built on Symphony?

Would the Symphony-provided admin area be made with XSLT then?

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jun 30 2016
14:32](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57752d64632b75030fbba012)

> Could the provided admin area be made with XSLT then?

That was the idea 6 years ago.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
15:09](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57753614265214c130b15cba)

@brendo what about multiple workspaces for multiple websites kind of similar
as the sites dir from drupal? (for big things like that from @michael-e :-) )

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jun 30 2016
15:31](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57753b67a0c12d110fd48e1e)

Oh, I have a single workspace, which is not a big issue to me. It was much
harder to have different navigation structures for different types of
clients—I had to hack Symphony's routing do do this.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
15:48](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57753f4d265214c130b21809)

Ok bad example than. But with drupal for example you can have one system and
serve multiple websites (domains) with it.

____

Which make maintenance of the core very easy

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
17:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57755667265214c130b36189)

@moretaste you can also do this with Symphony ;) But yeah, it would be
possible

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
17:29](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577556e1632b75030fbe731a)

I missed that wiki page than 😜

____

But this is also almost the proof of the pudding that symphony is that
flexible that you can do with it what you want if it is modulized or not

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
17:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57755a78bb1de91c54bbc48d)

or that it isn't all so accessible for the average user and everything getting
more complex (the point of @nilshoerrmann )

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
18:26](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5775643ca0c12d110fd70ea7)

understood. But it's hard to give super powers to users... with super powers
comes great responsability

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/857982?v=3&s=30)

____

Rudy Montoya Rodriguez

@moretaste

[Jun 30 2016
18:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577568f8a0c12d110fd75bbd)

Nicolas gonna save the world with power ;-) Where the heck is the superman
emoticon

Without kidding maybe is this more the base of this discussion: and isn't this
about modulisation or complexity but what is the target audience of symphony
cms? Is it the cms for the designer/front-ender who does his tricks with xslt
templates and css or is it for the more back-ender who loves to customize core
things and can't live without calling classes and clever objects or whatever
in php?

In that case I must say that the link Nils gave us this day about the sad
state of web development fits perfect. I really love the approach of symphony
for me as front-ender. I've built websites which I couldn't imagine before.
Just by using the system and smart templating. At the points where there was
more complexity I could fail complete (as shown several times here) and gave
me sometimes the doubts if symphony at the moment is the best choice for me

____

In short is the core that perfect if you have to hack it every time with
custom events, custom datasources etc.? Or do you really need super powers
(that would be the point for me to step out as maybe others did before and
others will do in the future).

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
21:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57758ea48c9263ba3044765b)

I think the target audience is both

____

I also think that we must still continue to be a front-ender friendly: For me,
it think Symphony empowers frontenders to do things they could not with other
CMSes. Datasources and events are great, but they do have limit. If you want
to lift those limit, well, you need to be able to code. And yet, Symphony is
developer friendly

____

modularizing may be pejorative: but from an architectural point of view, its
good: we just need a way to package it

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
22:01](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577596c01ac8bd1a4daa8808)

I agree

____

The common concern is, as a designer, will I still be able to use Symphony.
And the answer is yes

____

And bluntly, if the new way doesn 't appeal, Symphony 2 still exists :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
22:02](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577597128441a8124da10bfc)

yup ;)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
22:03](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57759727632b75030fc23f11)

Concepts of DS and Events will still exist, but this architecture change is
hoping to make them easier to extend

____

I guess my audience is trying to make Symphony appeal to the
intermediate/larger agencies that have to do customisation

____

It 's hard to do at the moment, and as a core developer it's tricky to assure
them that it's stable and reliable. The ad-hoc testing that we do to verify
tests and issues are resolved isn't scalable and it really hampers development
speed

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
22:07](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577598158441a8124da121e8)

Totally

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
22:11](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577598fa1ac8bd1a4daaa123)

I'm not sure what the breakdown of the components looks like at the components

____

That will an interesting exercise

____

what parts do we keep, what parts do we bring in another library

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
22:18](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57759ab4265214c130b7294d)

yes indeed

____

and BTW, what your favorite DI lib in PHP these days ?

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
22:21](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57759b64265214c130b73183)

Don't have much experience with them actually

____

At work we had a fairly large project running through Symfony

____

Took a little bit to get used to, but the container is pretty nice in there.
Wiring it up was different, but ultimately it 's really powerful

____

Amazingly powerful

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 30 2016
22:24](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57759c2cbb1de91c54bf59eb)

Yup indeed

____

a lot of customization can be done with it

____

I 've made a fairly large ecommerce site using Zend as the frontend and
Symphony in the backend

____

Zend 's DI module is quite cool

____

being able to  "alias" your classes is also pretty neat

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/69268?v=3&s=30)

____

Brendan Abbott

@brendo

[Jun 30 2016
23:26](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5775aa8e9717171554a1e930)

Definitely

_

