These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/07/09)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/07/07)

8th  
Jul 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25466?v=3&s=30)

____

Nils Hörrmann

@nilshoerrmann

[Jul 08 2016
08:54](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577f6a5d59cfbd4c5e49b89b)

@brendo Currently, if you are not doing it manually, submodules are the usual
way to handle extensions. In your Gist you were outlining that extensions
should be installed and managed using Composer. From a user interface
perspective, does that imply (Composer being a PHP framework) that it would be
possible to manage extensions from within the admin interface?

____

Like, having an update button in the extension table, if a new compatible
version is released, that installs all new files automatically on click?

____

I ask because while dependency management is a common task for developers,
it’s not for endusers like designers. This has been true for the submodule
approach as well which has partly been solved by GUI like Git Tower. But
having an option to handle the update process from the browser interface would
make Composer a weighty plus factor from a enduser perspective as well.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jul 08 2016
16:47](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577fd9173eaf66535e4e047d)

@nilshoerrmann Composer is like npm. And with the auto-loading feature, is
really better then submodules. You can ship only your code and run composer on
the server (or yes, via a web UI!) or bundle every dependency with it. You can
also lock does deps to specific commit, to be sure to have reproductible
builds

____

Yes, the update feature could be done. No more dealing with needing access to
the git binary or deal with unzipping tarball as I did in the
extension_downloader extension.

____

As for designers, it will absolutely be possible to manage to install it
without fiddling with composer at all, since we will ship a bundled version,
just like are doing now.

____

A web ui or install script would also be super awesome.

____

And just to be sure: Composer as a PHP as well as CLI apis so the CLI is only
half of it. You can 't do that with npm can you ? :P

____

and a developer like myself will be trilled to leave our the vendor folder of
git. I would always install symphony with  "composer install symphony" haha

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jul 08 2016
18:38](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ff31f59cfbd4c5e5148e5)

@nitriques \+ anyone who has an idea

where is the most up-to-date documentation?

we have:

factory-powered-docs - <https://symphonycms.github.io/docs.getsymphony.com/>  
wiki with concepts and ideas -
<https://github.com/symphonycms/symphony-2/wiki>

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jul 08 2016
18:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ff5181ca34a944ec90a82)

that's about it...

____

and the website itself which contains lots of good article

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
19:21](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffd4bb79455146f6e8ecd)

Is there a way of "flattening" a section into a single table? Last time I
checked every field has it's own table and all records from all sections are
contained within one main table.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jul 08 2016
19:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffd7f3eaf66535e500d56)

@reygoch you want a ‘flat’ table for any particular reason?

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
19:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffd8b7aeb08052783430e)

This kind of makes it hard to make SQL scripts to import / modify / analyze
data. So far I've been doing this kind of things by creating API but it's
slow.

____

Also performance :D

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jul 08 2016
19:24](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffdd67aeb080527834602)

It’s what allows symphony to be so flexible. Not sure what kind of queries you
are trying to run; but joins would usually do the trick

____

performance would depend on how much data you have really

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
19:24](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffdfdc9b49c1d6fde2b67)

Well, yes. But it's tricky to get the right id's for sections and find your
way around the db.

____

Especially if you are doing some exhibitions with data :D

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jul 08 2016
19:26](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffe6ab79455146f6e9ae0)

yeah id’s are a bit tricky you get them with experience usually. Some
reporting I do manual queries.

____

maybe there was something called SymQL which might be worth looking into

____

but I have not personally used it.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
19:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=577ffe96064f828707ea53da)

I mean, if I want to add another field to my section this would be just
another column in my table. Same with removing it.

____

Saw symql but never tried it out as well

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jul 08 2016
19:51](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5780045e1ca34a944ec9da09)

SymQL has some performance issues because it tries to be too flexible. I once
used it in my big project, but removed it completely in the meantime. Doing
complicated things requires custom queries in the end. If all you need is a
flat table, you may try MySQL views.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:06](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=578007d8c9b49c1d6fdeac90)

Still have to create them ;D

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=578009fdbdafd191073dcd7f)

But I'm interested now why flat tables weren't in symphony from the beginning.
SQL allows you to add and delete columns in your tables, and column name can
be used to identify what type of field it is and you would get pretty decent
performance gains with large data sets and complex queries.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jul 08 2016
20:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800af5c9b49c1d6fdecf75)

It's not really true. Symphony 1 actually had flat tables, but for Symphony 2
the higher degree of normalization was a conscious design decision. Regarding
the question of performance: AFAIK, there is no simple answer to the question
"which design is faster".

____

Just as a remark: A field in Symphony can have multiple columns in itself, so
it 's not about "one column per field".

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:21](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800b35bdafd191073de672)

I know, it would be 1:n relationship

____

Another table for that field and fk on parent table

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jul 08 2016
20:25](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800c4a7aeb08052783e17b)

The above said: I have nothing against re-evaluating database normalization
for Sym 3. The biggest downside of the current concept is that it makes
importing/evaluating/exporting data pretty hard, especially if you happen to
have a lot of data (like I do). But I also must admit that I myself don't know
much about databases, so I always trusted in the design decision.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800c99c9b49c1d6fdee0db)

Well, this was my problem as well. I ended up creating API in symphony backend
and posting my data to symphony, but that was really slow process (with lot's
of opportunities to fail).

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jul 08 2016
20:34](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800e4cbdafd191073e0dd6)

I wrote an Excel importer for a project which builds entry objects and commits
them. It's fast enough for me (1000 entries in less than 40 seconds), but of
course it depends on the amount of fields and datasets you have...

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=57800fc21ca34a944eca8a2c)

I was actually moving a complex site with custom db and lot's of relations to
symphony, so excel importer wasn't really the way to go for me.

____

Had to crunch whole db with my script and make sure all items and their
children are properly connected.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jul 08 2016
20:42](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5780105259cfbd4c5e52d5d9)

I just wanted to give an example. Actually I build an array for every entry,
the create a new entry object, then execute `$entry->checkPostData` and
`$entry->setDataFromPost` (in order to catch the errors), then commit the
entry. Of course the first step, building the array, can be really complicated
if you have lost of section/field relations.

____

But it is a  "native Symphony (API)" way to do it.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/8524934?v=3&s=30)

____

Luka Hadžiegrić

@reygoch

[Jul 08 2016
20:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=578010a17aeb0805278417e7)

:D

_

