These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/12/03)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2016/12/01)

2nd  
Dec 2016

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Dec 02 2016
10:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=584149af8d65e3830eca1f6a)

Planning to release this new extension:
<https://github.com/mazedigital/http_cache_headers> would appreciate any
feedback/update (particularly from those who know a thing or two about caching
and http headers)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=3&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Dec 02 2016
13:05](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=584171828255fe6b76f7308b)

Honestly I am not a big fan of this extension idea, for several reasons.

  1. The probability of "the developer doing s.th. stupid" is high

Your extension allows s.th. very dangerous: Caching dynamically generated
content in the visitor's browser for a very long time, without any possibility
to invalidate this cache. This is really dangerous, because you loose control
over what is seen by your visitors.

  2. There are (better) ways to deal with the whole picture

IMHO, setting HTTP cache headers is not something novices should do at all.
But assumed you are a "pro", the _Symphony page_ headers are your smallest
issue. (Gaining control over assets and media files is much more important.
The extension does not help with that.)

I am working a lot with custom caching layers and HTTP cache headers alike (in
the  "big system", you know…). After having tried many things, I strongly
suggest to use an own (virtual) server and install nginx as frontend HTTP
server. (You may still keep Symphony running on Apache behind that.) nginx is
a great frontend cache in itself, and it makes it pretty simple to manipulate
any HTTP headers based on "locations" (which works great for me). Full
control, all in one place.

  3. The approach (adding files to the file system) is not "Symphony-like"

Here's my last point: If you really want to set such headers _page-based_ ,
why don't you use Symphony's page types for that, like [HTTP Response
Headers](https://github.com/michael-e/http_response_header_mappings) does it?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Dec 02 2016
13:13](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5841737b1dec193f141aa643)

@michael-e thanks for your feedback. Agreed it should not be for novices so
I’d add that warning/notice.

In general for basic stuff I’d agree that nginx/varnish with adjusted headers
would make sense. However plenty of systems are able to send stuff like e-tags
- which are able to re-validate content without sending a full payload, this
extension is kind of half-way there. I’d probably think that would be one of
the next steps.

HTTP response headers is really inappropriate for what I need to do, as we’d
like to set a correct expired header, or at least a generated content date.
Using XSLT per page, I’m able to serve a template which gets data from the XML
(datasources etc) and use that to create the right headers. It also gives you
the ability to fine-tune the caching on a per-page / datasource level. One
thing which I can do is link the Expiry of a datasource cache with that of a
page, it makes no sense to hit the server before that datasource is re-
generated.

That said I understand that there are caveats; for example if you update the
styling/look/content of a page for which you set a fairly long cache expiry,
it would be very likely that people are still seeing old content, or being
served such content by a CDN etc.

____

I know this is a pretty sensitive topic hence why I’m asking for
feedback/opinion.  @brendo @allen @pointybeard @nitriques

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=3&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Dec 02 2016
15:59](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58419a6c0da034021b5ce00e)

I agree with @michael-e that it can be dangerous: but as long as it's an
extension, I do not see any problem with it: People can do stupid stuff and
it's not up to the extension developer to prevent that. If we were talking
about the core, it would be different.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=3&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Dec 02 2016
17:14](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5841ac12b4ffd59e38d7f111)

yeah wouldn’t dream of building something like that into the core…

____

I actually had a very specific request from a client/sys-admin to proceed that
way

_

