These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/03/23)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/03/21)

22nd  
Mar 2017

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
10:34](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d253305917e26076bfb1b8)

After including Nicolas' feedback I just published a set of recommendations
and best-practices regarding "[Extension
Publishing](https://github.com/symphonists/symphony-extensions-network#3
-extension-publishing)" in the "Symphony Extension Network"-repo. We're trying
to keep these information up to date so extension developers can always refer
to these guidelines as a reference. It would be great if everyone who hasn't
yet tagged his extension-repos with the new github "topics" (`symphony-cms`,
`symphony-cms-extensiuons` and so on...) could take action and do so... and
watching/starring/contributing to the "Symphony Extension Network"-repo is -
as always - recommended to :) Thanks!

____

I want to list resources about extension-development in the next chapter, so
any contribution to the  symphonists/symphony-extensions-network#13 is very
welcome too...

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
10:36](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d253c32215a08f04b10d71)

@twiro & @nitriques great work on that document.

____

Re extension development what did you have in mind? I’ve been meaning to
write/cover it possibly with a screencast… as I’m having to `repeat` way too
often these days

____

re the tagging it’s on my todo list for the large extension list we’ve got.
maybe I’ll post all experimental (non UI) ones too

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
10:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2559cfe6a638b1aeffb53)

@jonmifsud \- thanks :) I hope we can extend the network-repo to a really
helpful resource for extension developers. Most of the information about how
to develop/maintain/organize/publish/andsoon extensions out there is pretty
scattered and when I started to get my own hands dirty with extension
development a year ago I thought it would be cool to have a single place where
all these information would be bundled in a clean, focussed and as-up-to-date-
as-possible way.

____

So a screencast that tackles extension development from an up-to-date-
perspective would be superuseful!!!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
10:45](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d255dda84f611959cf59d8)

yes I’ve been planning to get time to work on the `new` symphony website but
it’s been hard to find the time/an intern to help that get done.

____

Sure a screencast’s on my list. I need to free up a day and find a `useful`
and/or `new` extension to build so I can go start to end.

____

at least when it comes to developing

____

and publishing

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
10:47](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25651f7f7d4810442a57c)

Would be awesome to have something like this as most of the guidelines I found
regarding extension development are rather old...

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
10:48](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2567c8fa1633954045929)

I have around 10+ extensions if I count all of them.. most unpublished… so I
should know a thing or two

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
10:49](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d256c17b3f37e754228b13)

But no hurry, just let me know when you get this done - a new screencast would
be the "cherry on the cake" in the list of extension-development-resources :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
10:49](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d256cb2215a08f04b117b1)

ok :)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
10:57](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25881fe6a638b1af008a7)

...but now I'm pretty curious about what you come up with :)

____

regarding the  "new" symphony website... have you already started working on
that or are there any detailled plans where it should go...? I still think
cutting away some of the more complex parts (extensions, documentation, ...),
move these to dedicated solutions elsewhere (symphonyextensions.com,
github/mkdocs, ...) and boiling down the official website to a more
simple/modern/represantational kind of thing would be a good and pragmatic
approach.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
10:58](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d258f32215a08f04b12123)

the docs should go in GitHub - I have an extension which reads YAML so we can
have a script which listens to callbacks and updates the main site with
documentation auto-magically. So not bothered about that.

I haven’t actually made a plan on paper but I had some ideas in my head; I’m
thinking it’s roughly a 2week project to rebuild the site + QA (community
feedback).

____

re the extension + screencasts I have a `wish-list` but I’m not entirely sure
what I should build. Probably using the actual Symphony website might be an
option but some might think it could expose security issues (though not sure)
- as an extension I don’t know yet I’m open to suggestions. I don’t want to
make something which is not useful or else is too technical (like API
Integration I would need to make for clients)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:14](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25c875917e26076bfddd2)

Docs on github and updating them automatically sound great! Something like
that was already started but never finished... or?
<https://github.com/symphonycms/docs.getsymphony.com> @bernardodiasc do you
know whats the current state of this repo?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:14](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25ca25917e26076bfde39)

yeah basically documentation should go there. It’s a copy of what’s on the
site right now if not mistaken with some extras

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:14](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25ca6590d72c864f32f86)

and "2 weeks" sounds brave but great!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25cb48fa163395404759e)

as in that’s assuming I managed to free up 80 hours

____

the “HTML” designs are done so just plugging in a symphony backend/datasources
etc which shouldn’t take that long

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25cd2b809ca5f4a6e0aa3)

I'm short on time too but if I can I'd like to help at least on aconceptual
level...

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:15](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25ce72215a08f04b1366d)

at least if we use the designs Nils did

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:19](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25db72215a08f04b139aa)

Ah... good old factory :) I like the general look but think it could need a
small refresh in making some things a little less tiny/thin/detailled - and as
far as I remember a lot of typographic details in the documents need some
manually tweaks to really fit - but that's also something I could maybe help
with...

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25de56701410e58631f94)

oh yeah if someone wants to revise feel free. I was going to have our designer
have a look for items which are potentially missing but at the moment she’s
tied up with other projects

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25e0c2215a08f04b13af2)

and regarding ideas for a good "screencast-extension" I will let you know if
yomething comes to my mind... but you're right - should defintively be
something rater uncomplicated **and** useful!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25e198fa1633954047c82)

Also FYI the docs site also lives here:
<https://symphonycms.github.io/docs.getsymphony.com/>

____

but it’s somewhat limtied in UI structure due to the YAML/template used

____

so if we spawn that off to symphony with a yaml datasource we’d get all the
flexibility back

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:21](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25e516d7eb18404f39ff0)

Yeah that's what I meant - pages like this one simply don't look "finished"
right now: <http://symphonycms.github.io/docs.getsymphony.com/concepts/>

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
11:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25e755917e26076bfe84d)

It’s yaml limitations I think the original HTML designs where ‘fine’ but you
could look through those and find potential gaps

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Mar 22 2017
11:23](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d25eb98fa1633954047ff5)

sounds good - with original HTML-files you mean the factory-repo?

____

So if you 're actively working on this and it's planned to use factory as base
for a new symphony website I actually might have a look and maybe propose some
little tweaks (though it might take some time until I might find time for
this...) But I'll let you know if that's the case...

____

But have to leave for today! bye

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
13:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d27fc27b3f37e75423601a)

@jonmifsud it's really all @twiro's work, I only reviewed it ;)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
15:01](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d291acb809ca5f4a6f24e5)

@twiro yep the factory repo - I haven’t actively done anything yet it’s been
on the back burner for a while but if I see something happening I can get it
over the line

____

then we celebrate with a Symposium :P

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Mar 22 2017
15:14](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d294ef6d7eb18404f4d7ca)

Symposium location:
[http://www.geomidpoint.com/?ml=52.15714&mn=-12.78315&l=45.501689|52.268874|35.937496&n=-73.567256|10.52677|14.375416&a=Montreal,+Québec,+Kanada|Braunschweig,+Deutschland|Malta&cl=44.67471&cn=-29.59592&z=3&x=1&c=0&p=1&r=1&w=0](http://www.geomidpoint.com/?ml=52.15714&mn=-12.78315&l=45.501689|52.268874|35.937496&n=-73.567256|10.52677|14.375416&a=Montreal,+Québec,+Kanada|Braunschweig,+Deutschland|Malta&cl=44.67471&cn=-29.59592&z=3&x=1&c=0&p=1&r=1&w=0)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
15:17](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2958b8fa163395405a4d8)

should be right in the ocean haha

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
15:19](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2961d2215a08f04b26b24)

If you add Australia (brendo etc) and choose Average Latitude/longitute you
get pretty close to Malta (hint hint)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Mar 22 2017
15:23](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d296de6d7eb18404f4e2e2)

Found a cheap venue right in the middle:

![Symposium 2017](https://s-media-cache-
ak0.pinimg.com/originals/41/75/c2/4175c224bfedb17508dfaf45f10b7e27.jpg)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Mar 22 2017
15:24](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2973758ad4eb0283f29df)

Lets keep it in the middle

____

<https://www.google.pt/maps/place/Marco+do+Equador/@0.0001299,6.5247047,16.2z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x8a399b6fac4377c7!8m2!3d-0.0013532!4d6.5220085>

____

Great location

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
15:34](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2999ea84f611959d0d2ae)

hahaha

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
16:16](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2a35da84f611959d108b7)

@jonmifsud can you check the message I've left for you on github yesturday
please ? thanks !

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
19:00](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2c9e7fe6a638b1af24afa)

@nitriques I’ve seen it come in - I’ll have a look now!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
19:01](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2c9f37b3f37e75424f97f)

Thanks!!

____

I am in a release mode, I did not wanted you to miss the boat haha

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
19:04](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2caac6701410e58656439)

@nitriques yes I missed that - actually I’ve had an `intern` get it to work
and it didn’t cross my mind to ask him to check integration. ( he didn’t
update it so I just patched whatever was not working )

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
19:04](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2caca2215a08f04b3973b)

yeah I deal with this problem also

____

if you could only add a xml release entry, I 'll deal with the merge. Thanks!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
19:05](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2caebfe6a638b1af250eb)

but yeah integration looks fine on inspection. sure so I’ll checkout
integration and merge?

____

as in work on integration and version it

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
19:05](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2cb08b809ca5f4a706218)

if you have time yes, if not, simply create the xml release and I'll merge

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Mar 22 2017
19:06](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2cb3e2215a08f04b399a5)

I’ll check if I have that open it’s on an `idle` project right now an NGO
which seems to not use it… a platform with no content so not exactly happy
about it.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
19:06](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2cb4e590d72c864f58926)

hum k!

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/221344?v=3&s=30)

____

John Porter

@designermonkey

[Mar 22 2017
20:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2dd0e6701410e5865c942)

Can anyone tell me who this is: <https://github.com/MST-SymphonyCMS>

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
20:36](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2e0627b3f37e754256a2b)

@designermonkey looks like a bot

____

I 've reported it, thanks ;)

____

Oh I,ve found some commits: <https://github.com/MST-
SymphonyCMS/less_helper/commits/master>

____

looks to be <https://github.com/tecumsehmaverick> i.e.  @tecumsehmaverick ;)
sorry about the report haha

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/221344?v=3&s=30)

____

John Porter

@designermonkey

[Mar 22 2017
21:12](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2e8d4590d72c864f62925)

I only ask as they've forked the PSR version I worked on a while back, and
wanted to know what their intent was. Thanks @nitriques

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Mar 22 2017
21:19](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=58d2ea44fe6a638b1af2fe30)

Not a problem.

_

