These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/10/10)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/10/08)

9th  
Oct 2017

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10864598?v=4&s=30)

____

Nimantha Harshana Perera

@nimanthaharshana

[Oct 09 2017
07:09](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59db208f210ac26920c2c84a)

@nitriques Thank you very much for helping. I could solve my problem with your
help. Thank you very much !! :-)

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25058474?v=4&s=30)

____

Sagaz

@SagaraZD

[Oct 09 2017
09:09](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59db3cdfe44c43700a0e52a1)

@nitriques Sounds good :D

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/825064?v=4&s=30)

____

Stuart Palmer

@stuartgpalmer

[Oct 09 2017
10:12](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59db4b923cb340a261014a59)

Hi All. I was luck enough to be able to share a beer with @jonmifsud in London
last week. We have worked together on Symphony projects for over 5 years but
never met in person. It was really great to meet you Jon.

We chatted about the prospect of a Symposium and about the rather overwhelming
task of rebuilding/refreshing the Symphony website. Re. the Symposium I would
certainly love to meet you all. Re. the website, I am a bit concerned that
unless some work goes into the main website, the future development of the
Symphony community is at risk.

Perhaps a Symposium could be a launchpad for such a project. Perhaps even a
hackathon to make it happen?

I will also take the opportunity to fill in the gaps in how we work as a team
at [Eyes Down](https://www.eyes-down.net). I work with @SagaraZD and
@nimanthaharshana. We use Symphony every day and are building our skills as a
team. I am based in the UK and Sagara and Nimantha are based in Colombo, Sri
Lanka. Between the three of us we can certainly contribute some time to tasks
which benefit the community and the Symphony project.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Oct 09 2017
17:30](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbb23dbac826f0545317d3)

@SagaraZD just add the member id to your event

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4321647?v=4&s=30)

____

Tilo Schröder

@tiloschroeder

[Oct 09 2017
19:25](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbcd2fb20c642429e043f7)

Hi all,

when a user (member) changing his password in the frontend, I'm able to
recieve the event datas and the member infos in the params pool. After the
form post, the user is clicking a link to an other side, he is logged out and
no member infos are present in the params pool. So the user must logging in
once again.  
Is this the procedure since the release of the Members Extension?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Oct 09 2017
19:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbcd9501110b723196239d)

@tiloschroeder if you go the symphony / events

____

and click on the resetpassword event, then you have a (new) checkbox:
Automatically log the member in after changing their password

____

@stuartgpalmer Very nice to read about your team :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4321647?v=4&s=30)

____

Tilo Schröder

@tiloschroeder

[Oct 09 2017
19:36](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbcfbc3cb340a2610443e8)

@wdebusschere thanks, the checkbox is checked but has no effect.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Oct 09 2017
19:42](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbd121210ac26920c697d0)

Just to make this more clear (@tiloschroeder and I discussed this issue
today): The mentioned workflow is not using the reset password event. Instead
the issue arises with a **native Symphony event** (simply saving the password
field).

____

And I really have no idea why this happens, but I can confirm it.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Oct 09 2017
20:48](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59dbe0b0e44c43700a120b72)

@michael-e @tiloschroeder same behaviour if you change a logged in member
password through the symphony admin..

____

seems logic as the resetpassword event / UpdatePasswordLogin are not being
used

_

