These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/09/05)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/09/03)

4th  
Sep 2017

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6146601?v=4&s=30)

____

Moritz Profitlich

@mprofitl

[Sep 04 2017
13:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59ad592fc101bc4e3a8b55d0)

Hello everybody, I shyly join here, not being a developer of symphony nor
extensions but a part-time user only. @nitriques gave me the hint you are
discussing here where extension shall be in future. I read through your posts.
When I started with Symphony CMS the forum was the place to find information.
How to do multilingual the right way for example. I always pitied that the
valuable information in the forum is nowhere to be found in a ordered manner â€“
very often long pages of discussions lead to one key finding that helped me
and that might help others as well. Then there is symphonyextensions.com. It
is a very well hidden place; I know, there is a link on getsymphony.com but it
took me a long while to discover it. May I wish? All information in one place.
I learned about the value of Symphony CMS through @twiro; without him I would
have estimated Symphony to be unprofessionally made, badly documented and hard
to understand. All information in one place means for me: make
symphonyextensions.com part of getsymphony.com, keep the forum or otherwise
put the new discussion place into the menu of getsymphony.com, keep the old
forum at least as read only, integrate
[symphonycms.github.io/docs.getsymphony.com](http://symphonycms.github.io/docs.getsymphony.com)
into getsymphony.com (is it still being developed?), set up a team that
gathers valuable information from the getsymphony.com forum and integrate it
into the documentation. With the last thing I would be ready to help. It's a
bummer you are all putting so much time into Symphony CMS and then your work
is invisible as it is scattered over different places.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/274397?v=4&s=30)

____

Phill

@pixelninja

[Sep 04 2017
20:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=59adb61cbc46472974f6f191)

welcome @mprofitl . I completely agree with you! Symphony is by far the best
CMS I have ever come across, but like you if I had come across it in the wild
then I would have dismissed it pretty quickly. I was fortunate enough to work
with the creators and some of the core team a while back in AU which is how I
came to use it. As far as I'm aware, the usage stats of Symphony have been
dropping for some time. It's pretty hard to raise awareness for a CMS when the
online presence is amateur looking. Having a single point of access for
documentation/info is a must imo. Perhaps it's time for Symphony to have a
rebrand/revamp? My agency specialises in brand identity as well as web, and I
know there are other agencies involved too. Perhaps we could collectively pool
our time?

_

