These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/11/12)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2017/11/10)

11th  
Nov 2017

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Nov 11 2017
08:45](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06b8af86d308b755d53bda)

:+1: :smile:

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Nov 11 2017
09:22](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06c16ddf09362e67f56f7a)

@pixelninja I adopted jens scherbls "multilingual"-extension a while ago,
extended the functionality (especially regarding more flexibility in url
routing and redirection) and am pretty close to release version 2.0 (actually
its only parts of the documentation that are missing). It should have your
use-case covered as you could easily set up "AU" and "NZ" as "languages" and
use them for your URLs/Redirection/Templating without duplicating pages AND
without having to actually use the "multilingual" logic for the backend (which
I guess is English only in your example). But the extension would also have
you covered IF you wanted to set up different content for each country in your
sections. It's one of the use-cases I had in mind while developing version 2.0
as I needed not only a "normal" multilingual solution but also different
content for countries with the same language ( "germany" (de), "austria" (at)
and "switzerland" (ch) in my case). In case your website supports multiple
languages AND multiple countries things get a little more complicated, but the
you could use the "regions"-part of the extension to identify your countries
(example.com/en-nz/). Have a look here for more information:
twiro/multilingual#14 \- this shows the current state of development (99%
finished) and the documentation (80% finished). As documentation for this
extension got really complex i split it into chapters - the chapter
"Multilingual URL Structures & Routing" might be of special interest for you
as it covers your mentioned page-setup and possible supported alternatives.
The chapter is also finished, it's just missing screenshots. Note that version
2.0 is currently living in the integration-branch and the master-branch still
represents the "old" version of the extension.

____

@pixelninja here's the current state of the documentation on github pages
(need to give this a more "symphony-like" look too):
<http://twiro.github.io/multilingual/>

____

Feedback is very welcome - would definitively be interested if this approach
also works for other developers scenarios.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Nov 11 2017
09:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06c6f27081b66876d99deb)

@pixelninja regarding your geolocation-question I simply follow google's
advice and use the "lang-region" model for my URLs - which in your case would
be [domain.com/en-au/](http://domain.com/en-au/) and domain.com/en-nz/.
Together with the appropriate alternate/hreflang-meta-tags google should know
everything it needs: <https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/189077>

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/274397?v=4&s=30)

____

Phill

@pixelninja

[Nov 11 2017
09:47](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06c738df09362e67f5883d)

@twiro yea thatâ€™s the best route I think

____

So you set up each region as a parent page? Or do you use htaccess trickery?

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/274397?v=4&s=30)

____

Phill

@pixelninja

[Nov 11 2017
09:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06c88f614889d47568dd36)

Oh sorry I missed your earlier comment ðŸ˜‘

____

Thanks!

____

Wow  @twiro that looks like a great extension overhaul youâ€™ve done. Looks
right up my alley too. Iâ€™ll check it out tomorrow, thanks a lot!

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Nov 11 2017
10:20](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06cf08614889d47568f6ba)

Hope you like it and get along even though parts of the docs are still missing
:) It's still mainly focused on the "multilingual" aspect and the
"regions"-support is nothing more than an additional param. But if you don't
have multilingual content you could simply treat "regions" as "languages" and
use all the built in "language"-features for controlling/routing your
"region"-content. Though that would mean working with
[domain.com/nz/](http://domain.com/nz/) urls instead of [domain.com/en-
nz/](http://domain.com/en-nz/) (unless you hack around a little bit ;) let me
know how it works for you and feel free to post feedback, issues or ideas on
github (also about the documentation if you find something misleading or
missing).

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/72777?v=4&s=30)

____

May Kittens Devour Your Soul

@diomed

[Nov 11 2017
12:26](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06ec58df09362e67f61d2f)

> Feel free to create one.

I dont know enough to do so.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Nov 11 2017
12:35](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06eeaeb20c642429b6350c)

Still, please don't demand things from us (you said: "When shall we getâ€¦", and
that does indeed sound like a demand). We are all volunteers and try to find
the time to help others (for free).

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/72777?v=4&s=30)

____

May Kittens Devour Your Soul

@diomed

[Nov 11 2017
12:56](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a06f37ef257ad9109803d1b)

sorry

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Nov 11 2017
21:10](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a07673e614889d4756ba0af)

@diomed you might want to start by reading everything that is in this:
<https://www.getsymphony.com/learn/> and this:
<https://github.com/symphonycms/symphony-2/wiki> but we will try to merge
everything at one place soon

_

