These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/05/11)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/05/09)

10th  
May 2018

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10864598?v=4&s=30)

____

Nimantha Harshana Perera

@nimanthaharshana

[May 10
07:57](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af3fb4cea553a33ea51b125)

@michael-e Thank you very much. I can give it a try. Will let you know what
happens :-)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[May 10
14:59](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af45e3cd245fe2eb79ddc76)

Hi guys, are you in touch with GDPR? Do you have to make some precautions on
your Symphony websites or do clients ask you for that? Don't want to suck out
of you your knowledge about GDPR, because I imagine its worth gold right now,
but mostly I am struggling with how to treat cookies. Is it necessary to get a
consent from the visitor for the standard PHPSESSID cookie we set with
Symphony? And do you further secure (if that is a thing) personal data in
Symphony and how?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 10
15:39](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af467b4d245fe2eb79e0660)

Juraj, there is some basic things which are usually best practices that you
could reccommend. For example Database Server being separtated from the
application server. Ensuring that the data is encrypted at rest. (any backups
etc being encrypted as would be the switched off database/app server)

Re cookies; I believe that it is also OK to show the notification make users
to `ok` or `dismiss` prior to seeing other pages; and saying that the site
does not operate without cookies but I’m not a lawyer.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[May 10
15:52](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af46ada52194a4a67d582ef)

At the moment there is some sort of turbulence here in Germany because of EU-
GDPR. But I don't have any "solutions" yet. Regarding cookies: Symphony **does
not set cookies** unless you try to login to your backend or Members account
(or have special extensions/events running which write to the user session,
e.g. the Storage extension). Re: personal data — yes, there will be some
additional pressure to follow  "best practices", e.g. encryption of backups,
as mentioned by @jonmifsud. However, I don't really understand why @jonmifsud
promotes separation of app and database server in this context.

![](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11518707?v=4&s=30)

____

cylkee

@cylkee

[May 10
15:56](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af46b97e1cf621dba0cd05c)

@jurajkapsz Here's a cookie consent kit if you need it
<http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm#section_5>

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[May 10
20:41](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af4ae7fea553a33ea5468c3)

Thanks guys. @jonmifsud @michael-e about server side stuff, I will check that,
but will have - or want - to rely on web hosting provider with the hosting
issues. What's in my easy reach at least and is also being advised is to use
SSL connection, which I do anyways by default for a longer period of time now.
About cookies, thanks for the point @michael-e , the session cookie I saw on
couple of my sites were comming from I believe Can of Spam extension (which is
cool). Speaking of cookies, I will check that @cylkee thanks, the tricky part
with them under GDPR will be, that when visitor accept them, his consent has
to be logged and kept as a proof of consent for the authorities, as I
understand it. So just an agreement is not enough. And user can opt-out and
opt-in again as he prefers at any later time. And there is some discrepancy
whether just web performance tracking cookies are ok by default (no consent
needed) and only advertisement, remarketing or social network type cookies are
to be approved, or just all cookies are alike. Have to take another look on
that, 'cause I am tracking only web performance, or I like to think so. I will
play now with GDPR for couple of days, I can reflect you back if I will come
to something decisive.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[May 10
20:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5af4af17a2d95136332e1781)

@michael-e I think it depends on what personal data is stored within Symphony.
I’ve heard some stating that data segregation could help towards compliance; I
think you’re essentially trying to reduce some risk at most but in the end of
they compromise the app server with all the credentials getting data out of
the database would be as easy.

_

