These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/04/14)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/04/12)

13th  
Apr 2018

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Apr 13
05:50](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0452c6d7e07082bec55e2)

@jurajkapsz / @nitriques I’ve noticed this happening sometimes. Got one
specific install which I need to get on incognito to login for my local
version - and I’ve not managed to dig much into it.

I did notice with other projects however that when I log into a domain with
http and https one of them just stops working. (effectively cannot log in with
http once I go on https) - assuming I have both working for testing and/or
other purposes

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Apr 13
08:55](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0709a5f188ccc155e9eb0)

@jonmifsud whenever possible - and mostly is - I have always https on
production sites but http on local (just for remark)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Apr 13
11:08](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad08fa06bbe1d2739e16910)

@michael-e Email Newsletter Manager question: I need to send the newsletter to
all projects (a project has a contact SBL), is this possible? If i select for
the recipients, the projects section and the SBL contact (=email) I get 0
recipients and an error when i click on preview: Symphony Fatal Database
Error: Unknown column 'd.value' in 'where clause'.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Apr 13
13:25](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0afe327c509a7740aeb51)

Please post the error message. And yes, many things are possible. But in rare
cases the preview doesn't work as assumed (depending on parameters). If I
understand correctly, you select an SBL field as recipient? This won't work,
because an SBL field is just an ID tha refers to an entry in a different
section. You need to select the correct (contact) section, then try to filter
these entries.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Apr 13
13:27](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0b03d270d7d3708c34375)

@michael-e Ok, thanks for the explanation, it's not a default setup: i need to
do a mailing to the responsible for each project

____

I need to select the contact from the project

____

cf. chained datasources

____

and quick hint?

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Apr 13
13:31](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0b13427c509a7740af1d4)

If the email address is in the contacts section, you have to select this
section as _Recipients Source_. You can filter these recipients by IDs (param
output) of a custom DS (using the projects section). In order for this to
work, you have to manually add the dependency to the recepients source file,
as explained in the README.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Apr 13
13:32](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0b1606d7e07082bee722b)

OK.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Apr 13
16:35](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0dc555d7286b43a2707b1)

@pixelninja @nitriques @jonmifsud ok, new summary about the xsrf rejection:
website on local dev has only http, on production server https; both share the
same domain name up to the second level (e.g. example.com, local dev has its
own subdomain); after I log into the production with https, I can't log into
the local dev anymore (Symphony v2.7.4). Haven't tried a scenario without
https as of now. But I have tried the same with another website running
Symphony v2.6.11 and no problem there.

____

@pixelninja @nitriques @jonmifsud to delete cookies is enough to reset this
state

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Apr 13
17:04](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad0e3242b9dfdbc3a89ae7b)

> because my local (virtual hosts) and production domains are in general the
same

This is really not a good practice from a security stand point.

____

I would advise to always use a .local host when running locally

____

it can be client.com.local

____

@jurajkapsz re the http vs https issue: the http version is sent to the https
version, but not the other way around. I think this is not a Symphony specific
issue, but we could try to "flush" the cookie ...

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Apr 13
21:54](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad12727080a3850532d5d02)

@/all `2.7.5` is up on github, will be on the website on Monday !

____

<https://github.com/symphonycms/symphony-2/releases/tag/2.7.5>

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Apr 13
22:01](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5ad128a66bbe1d2739e496aa)

:+1:

_

