These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/01/16)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/01/14)

15th  
Jan 2018

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
13:44](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cb028ba39a53f1a19a24e)

Happy new year everyone :)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
13:49](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cb1756117191e6169e4ce)

Is it possible (and recommended) to upload really big files (+100MB) in the
Symphony backend? I have a client that wants to build a download-library with
lots of huge files and if possible wants to keep the files on his own server –
so a cloud-based-upload-field might not work for my needs. I tested the
default upload field but on the client's shared hosting it stops working at
around 10MB… does anyone have tips or even a useful extension that can handle
massive file uploads through the backend?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jan 15
13:51](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cb1c75ade18be397a8ff1)

ouch with Shared hosting? Most shared hosts will likely try to protect against
it being used for file storage… and/or disallow large file uploads for
security reasons.

Did you check/validate if this would be ok for this particular host?

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
13:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cb265b48e8c3566e13547)

Didn't check yet, but already told the client they might need to switch to
more serious hosting if the wanna go that route. But the files will be for a
kind of login-based client-service and won't be downloaded often, so the won't
genereate much traffic

____

They already use someting similar for sharing files with clients, but the use
FTP for uploading and structuring files and Symphony only reads the content of
the FTP-folders then.

____

Works great, but now they asked if I could integrate file uploads into the
symphony backend so that they could attach other data to their files

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
13:59](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cb3c41dcb91f17751d4af)

Ok - had a look and they officially only allow 64MB upload-size via PHP. So I
guess my files above 10MB failed because of a simple timeout…

____

So how do you guys manage big file uploads (+100MB) through the backend? Any
advice is welcome :)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Jan 15
15:02](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc26c6117191e616a49cb)

@twiro I guess you already increased the `'max_upload_size' => …,` in
`config.php` to a massive value for your test?

____

Apart from possible hosting/PHP-limitations a problem will be missing feedback
on upload. That’s one of the things that can confuse backend users even with
not so large files.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
15:06](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc35dba39a53f1a1a1762)

I guess they won't let me meddle with these values on a shared host (it's 1&1)
… 'UPLOAD_MAX_FILESIZE' doesn't seem to be the biggest problem either as its
set to 64MB and my 15MB testfile failed already because of
'MAX_EXECUTION_TIME' beeing set to 60s…

____

<https://hilfe-center.1und1.de/hosting/1und1-webhosting-c10085285/skript--und-
programmiersprachen-c10082634/php-c10082686/einrichtung-c10082738/php-skript-
limits-im-1und1-webhosting-a10795590.html>

____

> Apart from possible hosting/PHP-limitations a problem will be missing
feedback on upload. That’s one of the things that can confuse backend users
even with not so large files.

____

Yeah, that 's my second big concern… even if I technically would get it to
work uploading huge files without any kind of visual progress would be quite
irritating

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Jan 15
15:09](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc4245a9ebe4f758c8a58)

1&1 :scream:

____

Uberspace gives you up to 300MB as limit:
<https://wiki.uberspace.de/faq#ich_kann_keine_grossen_dateien_hochladen>

____

But they max at 10GB per account.

____

Then you might have to teach your client to use an FTP-Client.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
15:12](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc4f6ba39a53f1a1a230d)

yepp... changing to a "professional" hoster was my first suggestion for the
client, but til now everything is running fine and they're happy with 1&1 -
but thanks for the uberspace-information… that looks intersting (though I fear
they would even crash the 300MB-limit ;)

____

Did you already upload that large files via symphony on an uberspace-hosted
website?

____

> Then you might have to teach your client to use an FTP-Client.

They get along with FTP as we already use this approach elsewhere (sharing
files with clients) – but for the currently planned update they'd like to have
more contextual data along with their large files, that's why they asked for a
symphony-based solution…

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Jan 15
15:25](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc7ec5a9ebe4f758ca11d)

I had a load of 20–60MB files, but nothing more. Have outsourced them due to
limited space too …

____

Still should be ok to host large files elsewhere and store metadata in
symphony.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/870227?v=4&s=30)

____

Roman Klein

@twiro

[Jan 15
15:30](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cc9075a9ebe4f758ca882)

> Still should be ok to host large files elsewhere and store metadata in
symphony.

You mean by linking to an (however) outsourced file in symphony entries and
adding metadata in separate fields?

____

while uploading smaller files in symphony directly…?

____

tought about that too, but the client would prefer a solution where all their
files are managed in one place…

____

and they will propably have lots of these huge files – so it won 't be just a
few exceptions they'd have to outsource that way.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/446874?v=4&s=30)

____

Alexander Rutz

@animaux

[Jan 15
16:06](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5cd18a1dcb91f177528a2a)

Then you might have to confront them with the costs of dedicted server. :)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/72777?v=4&s=30)

____

May Kittens Devour Your Soul

@diomed

[Jan 15
17:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5a5ce8ea517037a212ac95b1)

:scream:

_

