These are chat archives for **symphonycms/symphony-2**

[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/06/05)[__](/symphonycms/symphony-2/archives/2018/06/03)

4th  
Jun 2018

Toggle Heatmap

[Sign in to start talking](/login?action=login&button=archive-login)

![](https://avatars-02.gitter.im/group/iv/3/57542c45c43b8c601977197e?s=48)

#  [symphonycms/symphony-2](/symphonycms/symphony-2)

This is the official Symphony 2 repository.

[ __](/orgs/symphonycms/rooms "More symphonycms rooms")

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Jun 04
12:18](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b152e14016ae21a4c0b2391)

Hi guys, I'm starting a new multilingual project using the usual extentions as
I did couple of times before: frontend localisation, languages, FLang
detection gTLDs, text box, ml text box - everything latest versions, this time
having Symphony v2.7.6 (prev ML projects run still on max 2.6.x).  
The issue is I don't get any values from ML fields in my datasources XML
output and I don't know why. Trying to figuring it out now for the second day,
doing ext. downgrades, but no luck. Was thinking to do a Symphony 2.6.x test.
Would you have any ideas what I could check? I am running PHP 5.5.x with MySQL
5.6.x. I don't see anything unusual in logs I think (but might be wrong).
Thank you very much for any suggestions.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Jun 04
12:26](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b153005e26c847ac8b6d109)

One more thing, I am running Symphony 2.7.6 locally on a virtual domain like
"local.something" (that is a domain name I just made up for local use) and I
do regularly get a `Request was rejected for having an invalid cross-site
request forgery token`upon login, but the site was so far always on this
domain. I don't know why this happens. It's the multilingual project I mention
above btw.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Jun 04
12:28](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b15306216f64961240600bc)

Is the url with the language?

____

Are the languages automatically added in the htaccess?

____

Do you see the $lang in the ?debug

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Jun 04
14:00](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b15460fedd06f7d150b02ac)

> Is the url with the language?

Yes. But I let output all languages at once within datasource (does it matter
then?), or better said all fields options I see within datasource setup.

> Are the languages automatically added in the htaccess?

Yes.

> Do you see the $lang in the ?debug

No.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Jun 04
15:03](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b1554d4edd06f7d150b41f3)

@jurajkapsz $lang should be $current-language, do you have this parameter?

____

Outputting all languages within the datasource makes things slower.. why would
you do this?

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jun 04
15:37](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b155cb84eaffb692d7ea669)

Fellow symphonists any opinions on Github being purchased by Microsoft? To be
fair haven’t been following Microsoft on open source much… but seems like
they’re not as closed as they once used to be…

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 04
15:37](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b155ccfedd06f7d150b65b4)

@jonmifsud they are the top 1 org contributing on github

____

they open source a lot of stuff

____

microsoft is not the same as it was in the 90 's

____

I feel ok about it I guess. It is better deal then Apple, Google, Facebook or
Amazon

____

Microsoft now knows to not make devs angry. They learn that the hard way

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jun 04
15:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b155d6b99fa7f4c0644062d)

@nitriques that’s what I was reading. They certainly have moved on from a
closed platform.

Agree its probably better than some of the ones you mentioned. But I guess at
the end its all a play to entice more people to their infrastructures.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/771169?v=4&s=30)

____

Nicolas Brassard

@nitriques

[Jun 04
15:40](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b155d7e99fa7f4c0644071c)

yup

____

there will be a  "publish to azure" button ;)

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jun 04
15:41](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b155d8f99fa7f4c06440739)

I have no doubt! haha

____

I hope at least they go with publish opensource free on Azure :P if they go
down that route.

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jun 04
15:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b15607416f649612406dc20)

As soon as Microsoft changes GitHub's privacy policy in order to collect as
much data as possible (which is their "default mindset", normally), we have a
problem.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/859775?v=4&s=30)

____

Jonathan Mifsud

@jonmifsud

[Jun 04
15:53](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b156095b6eece791ddadac9)

@michael-e thankfully GDPR may for once be useful in that scenario…

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/40072?v=4&s=30)

____

michael-e

@michael-e

[Jun 04
15:55](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b1560f493dc78791cae2d81)

Hopefully, but it must withstand approximately 1000 Microsoft lawyers! :-)

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Jun 04
16:46](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b156ce152e35117cd08660e)

@wdebusschere

> $lang should be $current-language, do you have this parameter?

No, I don't have such parameter. I have `url-fl-language`

> Outputting all languages within the datasource makes things slower.. why
would you do this?

Yes, just temporarily to see if I can get any data at all.

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Jun 04
16:50](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b156df1ba1a351a68ec414b)

@jurajkapsz I think you should shee the $current-language from the
frontend_localisation extension

![](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2209893?v=4&s=30)

____

Juraj Kapsz

@jurajkapsz

[Jun 04
17:03](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b1570d0b6eece791ddb222c)

@wdebusschere yes, but I don't see it. Just for a good measure I will make a
clean Symphony install aside - this time with Symphony v2.6.x, and let you
know. Anyways, that ML project is still a clean install too.  
NB I also don't have that `current-language` parameter within my older ML
project that's running fine, but I tweaked a thing or two there and can't
recall now if that change could impact that parameter.  
Thanks very much!

![](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4136426?v=4&s=30)

____

Wannes Debusschere

@wdebusschere

[Jun 04
17:04](https://gitter.im/symphonycms/symphony-2?at=5b157120e26c847ac8b7ff96)

@jurajkapsz Good luck! We have plenty of ML site with 2.7.6 clean installs or
updated with latest version of all language extensions.. working perfect

_

